# Retrospective Activity

We have not completed as many features as we would have liked. When we first started the project, we had many ideas for features that we were looking forward to implementing but due to time constraints and the amount of work involved we were not able to implement all of them. This can be improved this iteration by increasing the amount of time we spend working on features and implement as many as possible. We can each commit to spending more time on each feature, maybe each team member can commit to completing at least one user story. We will keep track of how much time each of us spend on the different features in GitLab. At the end of the iteration, we will look at how much time each of us spent working on features and how many features we were able to complete. If we each spend at least 3 days working on features, and we each complete at least one user story, it will be considered a success.

The first time all of us sat down, we discussed the idea of out app and what kind of features it would have. Everybody came up with brilliant ideas and were extremely excited about it. But as we stated working towards our code, we faced more and more challenges. We were not aware about how much code we will be writing and how are we going to work so we had many problems in the beginning. We have not completed as many features as we would have liked. When we first started the project, we had many ideas for features that we were looking forward to implementing but due to time constraints and because most of our group members are working part time, getting together and discussions became less frequent.  Due to all these reasons, the amount of work involved became more and more and we were not able to implement all of them efficiently. This improved in this iteration by increasing the amount of time and communicating with our group members, so we spend more time working on features and implement as many as possible. we divided the group and the work into smaller sub-group for convenience and better work and tried to complete that. We can each commit to spending more time on each feature, maybe each team member can commit to completing at least one user story. We will keep track of how much time each of us spends on the different features in GitLab. At the end of the iteration, we will look at how much time each of us spent working on features and how many features we were able to complete. If we each spend at least 3 days working on features, and we each complete at least one user story, it will be considered a success.